now that users can create an account,
view the settings of their account and update those settings,
we need to allow them to delete their account as well.
That is another route that we've already added to the server account slash Deleted.
Which maps to handlers dot account lead it.
So I'm gonna go to the handlers file and once again,
copy this and go ahead in place and account deleted page below this one.
Just like the session deleted page.
This page is not a designated page for you to delete your account.
It is the page you are taken to after you have deleted your account.
We're also going to modify the account edit page to provide 1/3 form that will allow the
users to delete their account.
So we want to say that this page is account has been deleted and that its name is account
deleted.
The title is going to be account deleted,
and we will need a meta description.
So head dot description because this is a public page,
the description will be your account has been deleted and the body class is account deleted
.
Lastly,
the template that should be fetched is account diluted.
So let's go ahead and create that template.
Touch templates slash account deleted dot html and we can see it in here inside of it.
We're just going to pace from or get Hub.
It has a header,
a sub header and a link telling the user you can go here to sign up again.
Now,
as mentioned,
we also need to update this account edit page to include another form.
So we're gonna pace that in here and you can see there's 1/3 form now called Account at It
three,
which actually sends a delete to a P I slash users.
We also need to update app dot Js a little.
And now we have done so The owning,
meaningful update that we did hear waas setting a form success call back to automatically
redirect the user to the account slash deleted page.
If they successfully submit the form account,
Edit three,
which is the one that deletes their account.
I'm going to start this silver back up.
I'm going to go ahead and log in again with that user we've been using and then navigate to
the account settings page.
Now we can see the two forms that we were used to.
That's what was 1/3 form for.
Delete your account.
We're giving them a warning.
This action cannot be undone.
Don't Clinton this button on accident.
But we're going to click it anyway.
And now her account is gone.
If we attempt to log in again,
we hit an error message.
Could not find the specified user.
If we go to our data,
we can see that for 151234569 doesn't exist anymore.
And if you remember on our back and lectures,
we've already set it up so that if this user had any checks associated with their account,
those would automatically have been purged out of the system as well or a P I handles all
that.
So account deletion seems to be working.
Since the account is totally gone,
I can go ahead and sign up again with the same user.
4151234569 And once again,
we're back into the account account.
Deletion seems to be working fine so we can move on to the next lecture.